Hello Goodnight
viewers friends of
missions
today we are going to be aware 3 we had promised you know a long time ago so
We were going to make the mojito
a drink
p if it is not for this time is a drink rather for summer is a
I drink refreshing but it is well worth preparing it because it is a very
nice
what we are going to do is that in which today we are going to do it direct be
We will not need a blender
no shaker my glass to refresh
we only need a glass
he locked her
let's put v
a few leaves
of mint
according to the sizes the society three or four appointments is fine
of half a lemon
we are inhabited
if you visit so they do not bother which one we are drinking
world
what we are going to see now that matter
He plans to add to his caudillo that he is his leader
advocates as we call them cocktails is nothing more than
equal parts of our cari waters us for a practicality issue in
bar we use we use sharply
this if you are born in your house they put equal parts of sugar and parts
equal of water put it to boil a little bit dilutes it in floor is ready
to the pump
if not
perfectly put a couple of tablespoons of sugar
It will cost a little more because they have a license to return it until they continue
struggling
comes to laredo mossa origin more or less I put all teaspoons or good
so it is liquidated roughly one or two fifteen cubic centimeters of
d of rubber and now what we're going to do that is
macerate mint leaves a little
exert a little pressure to get a little bit of the aroma
to the leaflets not titled too much because if we crush them too much
expo when we are going to take it with the sip we are going to cover it up, it is noticeable and not even
we will be able to take
well only in mind
a little bit and now we are going to make this reality and pride
in this case we went ice in shots and bayer or ground
as if he or she is easy to use 3 the judge explains that you only get there soon
but let's be the next
the ice cube
expose several is not just to do
I'm going to show you a little kaun ice cube
to the real
the mortar
one thing I did not tell him
if you do not have the mortar because not everyone has good mortar is not known yet
stick of ccoo-a
they cut it some wood
it will serve you
to macerate a little the leaves in the glass
and what they do is
they hit you a little bit yesterday or maybe it broke
peace does not have to be
totally ground but small houses
to use it
in this work
well I only have be here soon what we are going to do is
and it
to the top
remember that it is a typically Cuban drink
if it takes a lot
If someday you have the opportunity to go to Cuba
to visit
the middle bodeguita
and take a little step
very refreshing remember sword
those summers
It is estimated that Cuba has
so much fiscal
this is a very refreshing drink also of low alcohol content
not because what we're going to do is add that now
white rum
a half white rum no white rice are more or less
about 50 cubic centimeters
as I always tell you if you prefer it softer you were added if
prefer
a little bit stronger they add brown
so the only alcohol
tessio that the guerr
and now what we are going to complete is
with umbrella classified little more
let's decorate
with a twig 70%
respect
expte
and is ready the Cuban mojito delivered traditional
par excellence this area of ​​the Caribbean so what drinks we had
promised is a long time ago to loreley and so the law this drink
it's for you
who have to the offenders